doc: update Tails & Whonix (#13029)
zkSNACKs/WalletWasabi: WalletWasabi.Documentation/WasabiCompatibility.md

## What about Tails and Whonix?

> Tails and Whonix are privacy-oriented OSs, so it makes sense to use them with Wasabi Wallet. At the moment, Wasabi is working properly on these platforms, but our dependencies do not officially support them, so we cannot make promises regarding future stability.

Author: > I think that we should add that it is necessary to start WW with

> --UseTor=EnabledOnlyRunning --TorSocksPort=9050

added it [f223b70](https://github.com/zkSNACKs/WalletWasabi/pull/13029/commits/f223b70ae5882612f6469387d9f66e996b13241b)

## What about Tails and Whonix?

Tails and Whonix are privacy-oriented OSs, so it makes sense to use them with Wasabi Wallet. At the moment, Wasabi is working properly on these platforms, but our dependencies do not officially support them, so we cannot make promises regarding future stability.

> To make Wasabi works on these OSs, Wasabi should be started with the following start up parameters: `--UseTor=EnabledOnlyRunning --TorSocksPort=9050`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To make Wasabi work on these OSs, it should be started with the following start up parameters: `--UseTor=EnabledOnlyRunning --TorSocksPort=9050`.
```

Author: pushed
